It's true.
Of course it's true.
You see I also took pictures of the internal contract
There is also the seal of Diyun Group on it
If you really let the night court
Got the land development right in Nancheng
Collaboration with Earth Cloud
After that, the Qin family was in Jiangcheng
Forever suppressed by the Ye family
All right.
But your Ye family has just passed the crisis
The bride price should not be comparable to our in-laws
Of course.
I heard that this time Shen Yan can only take out 30 billion
30 billion Yeah
The land in Nancheng belongs to me this time
Of course, yeah.
Master Shen, come here quickly
The auction's about to start, right?
Just waiting for you.
Dad and Wanrong have already gone in.
Smiled
I didn't expect that.
With the strength of your Ye family
Dare to bid on this male lead
Apprentice, how much money do you have in your pocket?
How much money do I have in my pocket?
You'll know when we go to the auction.
Don't be too complacent, Qin Chong
Okay, then I'll wait and see how you wait.
And the same problem as you?
Looks really good
But
Why are you looking for this useless trash?
You said if you had followed me earlier
Your Ye family is not in this position now.
I was dreaming.
It's impossible to hang out with you
It's too late now.
Even if you kneel down now and beg to marry into our Qin family
I can't possibly want it now.
But you treat me like a plaything
Or can you say one more thing?
I hit you begging for mercy, believe it or not
Forget it, don't follow my wife
Let's go, it's not that you're playing a trick.
I'll see how I crush you later